1.) What was the alert signature for Malware Command and Control Activity Detected?:
A) This can be determined by first finding the appropriate category, then just copying the signature.

2.) What is the source IP address? Enter your answer in a defanged format.
A) This is relatively easy again, using the same event, just copy the src_ip into cyberchef to "defang" it.  Which is essentially the process of making it unusable in case someone were to accidentally click it.

3.) What IP address was the destination IP in the alert? Enter your answer in a defanged format.
A) Basically the same question as 3, just using the dest_ip

4.) Inspect the IP address in VirsusTotal. Under Relations > Passive DNS Replication, which domain has the most detections? Enter your answer in a defanged format. 
A) Pretty much tells you what to do, navigate to the VT site > search tab > search dest IP > look under the passive replication section

5.) Still in VirusTotal, under Community, what threat group is attributed to this IP address?
This section is a bit odd, but the group is listed as TA505

6.) What is the malware family?
Again, not really an obvious answer, but the malware "family" is listed in the same section

7.) Do a search in VirusTotal for the domain from question 4. What was the majority file type listed under Communicating Files?
Search for the domain in VirusTotal > then check the "Relations" tab

8.) Inspect the web traffic for the flagged IP address; what is the user-agent in the traffic?
For this question, you just need to look at the wireshark traffic, and find the correct http traffic.  To make it easier, I filtered for HTTP packets along with the dst IP

9.) Retrace the attack; there were multiple IP addresses associated with this attack. What were two other IP addresses? Enter the IP addressed defanged and in numerical order. (format: IPADDR,IPADDR)
The answer to this is a combo of two ip addresses that get referenced at the beginning of the http logs in Brim, though it isn't super clear which pair they want...

10.) What were the file names of the downloaded files? Enter the answer in the order to the IP addresses from the previous question. (format: file.xyz,file.xyz)
Here, you want to use NetworkMiner to open the .pcap, then select the "files" tab.  There are going to be some useless files, but the two .msi files are the answer.
