1.) What was the alert signature for A Network Trojan was Detected?
To find this information, you can run a search for the string 'Trojan' and just copy the signature of the corresponding event.

2.) What was the alert signature for Potential Corporate Privacy Violation?
Same process as the above, just change the search term.

3.) What was the IP to trigger either alert? Enter your answer in a defanged format.
Just copy the src IP from the above event, past it into CyberChef, and defang the IP

4.) Provide the full URI for the malicious downloaded file. In your answer, defang the URI. 
To answer this question, I used Wireshark and searched for the destination IP found in the above question, then inspected the HTTP packet and copied the hostname along with the path requested.

5.) What is the name of the payload within the cab file?
For this question, I exported the HTTP packet flow and created a hash of the .cab file, then searched this hash in VirusTotal and copied the corresponding name from the "Details" pane

6.) What is the user-agent associated with this network traffic?
Using the same HTTP packet as before, the user agent associated with the traffic can be copy/pasted by expanding the HTTP section in WireShark.

7.) What other domains do you see in the network traffic that are labelled as malicious by VirusTotal? Enter the domains defanged and in alphabetical order. (format: domain[.]zzz,domain[.]zzz)
This question was a bit unclear as there are three domains (at least) that show up in VirusTotal as malicious.  However I was able to locate the two the question was looking for by luck on my first try.

8.) There are IP addresses flagged as Not Suspicious Traffic. What are the IP addresses? Enter your answer in numerical order and defanged. (format: IPADDR,IPADDR)
Within Brim, I searched for traffic matching this description (not suspicious), then created a filter for this value.  With the resulting logs, we can use cyberchef to copy/past the defanged IPs for the answer.

9.) For the first IP address flagged as Not Suspicious Traffic. According to VirusTotal, there are several domains associated with this one IP address that was flagged as malicious. What were the domains you spotted in the network traffic associated with this IP address? Enter your answer in a defanged format. Enter your answer in alphabetical order, in a defanged format. (format: domain[.]zzz,domain[.]zzz,etc)
Similar to the above question, I noted the IP address then created a filter in Brim to search just for logs containing that IP.  Afterwards, I sorted the logs and copied all domains into CyberChef to defang, before entering the data into THM.

10.) Now for the second IP marked as Not Suspicious Traffic. What was the domain you spotted in the network traffic associated with this IP address? Enter your answer in a defanged format. (format: domain[.]zzz)
Pretty much a repeat of the above question, except there is only one domain to note
